add guidance for bytes acked and clarification for segments_acked (#77)
NTAP/rfc8312bis: draft-ietf-tcpm-rfc8312bis.md

The unit of all window sizes in this document is segments of the
maximum segment size (MSS), and the unit of all times is seconds.

> Implementations can use bytes to express window sizes which would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementations can use bytes to express window sizes, which would
```

region, that is, an estimate for the congestion window of AIMD TCP.

*segments_acked*:
Number of MSS-sized segments acked when an ACK is received. This

> number will be a non-integer value when an ACK acknowledges data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
number will be a decimal value when an ACK acknowledges an amount of data
```

region, that is, an estimate for the congestion window of AIMD TCP.

*segments_acked*:
Number of MSS-sized segments acked when an ACK is received. This
number can be a decimal less than 1 when an ACK acknowledges a

> segment smaller than MSS.

Reviewer: What if an ACK ACKs 1.5 MSS-sized segments? Is it 1 or 1.5 then?

Reviewer 2: I think it's 1.5. Also another question - does it include SACK'd size?

Reviewer: @goelvidhi?

Reviewer 3: I think including SACKed bytes is an interesting question. I am thinking that if TCP receives SACKed packets, it means it's in recovery phase.

In my understanding, CUBIC doesn't touch the behavior in recovery phase. w_est will be initialized when TCP goes into congestion avoidance phase, which means after recovery phase has finished. So, I am thinking that we don't need to think about whether we should include SACKed bytes or not. 
But, I might overlook something, please let me know if there's situations where CUBIC should handle SACKed packets.
